Update README.md (#227)
cloudnative-pg/cnpg-i: README.md

  A plugin for seamless integration with Barman Cloud for Continuous Backup and
  Recovery using object stores.

> ## 3rd Party Plugins
> > **Disclaimer:**  
> > The following plugins are developed and maintained by third parties. CloudNativePG and the CNPG-I project are not responsible for the functionality, maintenance, or security of these plugins. Please refer to each plugin’s documentation and repository for support and further information.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Third-Party Plugins

> **Disclaimer:**
> The plugins listed in this section are developed and maintained by
> independent third parties. CloudNativePG and the CNPG-I project do not
> endorse, guarantee, or take responsibility for their functionality,
> maintenance, or security. For usage, troubleshooting, or updates, please
> consult the respective plugin’s documentation and source repository.

```

  A plugin for seamless integration with Barman Cloud for Continuous Backup and
  Recovery using object stores.

## Third-Party Plugins

> > **Disclaimer:**
> > The plugins listed in this section are developed and maintained by
> > independent third parties. CloudNativePG and the CNPG-I project do not
> > endorse, guarantee, or take responsibility for their functionality,
> > maintenance, or security. For usage, troubleshooting, or updates, please
> > consult the respective plugin’s documentation and source repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Disclaimer:**
> The plugins listed in this section are developed and maintained by
> independent third parties. CloudNativePG and the CNPG-I project
> (both under Apache-2.0 license) do not endorse, guarantee, or take
> responsibility for their functionality, maintenance, support, or security.
> For usage, troubleshooting, or updates, please consult the respective
> plugin’s documentation, source repository or any other channel
> offered in the plugin's pages.
```
